So let's bring everything together.
If you remember in earlier videos,
we discussed the benefits of adding CloudFront in front of our content.
Those benefits were speeding up the delivery of our content,
reduce hosting and bandwidth costs,
improve availability and add redundancy to our content,
as well as securing our content.
We have discussed the benefits of a CDN,
in general,
and then we mapped how Amazon CloudFront can meet and/or exceed
some of those general benefits of a typical CDN.
We have built a distribution network,
performed exercises which showed us how to measure the performance
of existing web content and how to compare our new content
delivery network against those benchmarks.
This showed us how much we can speed up the delivery of our web content.
We've iterated over this distribution network,
thus improving and enhancing delivery, maintenance,
and operations.
This has allowed us to reduce our bandwidth costs and it
improved the resiliency of our content.
The nature of how a CDN works has added the redundancy.
Through CloudFront, we've been able to add certificates,
update cipher sets, restrict access to only approved methods,
and even set proper headers on our content,
which has helped us secure our content even further.
I hope these lessons have helped you in getting started with
improving your hosted content and that you can achieve even more
benefits from implementing CloudFront yourself.
I want to thank you for participating in my course,
and I would love your feedback to know if and/or how I
helped or where I can improve the course.
If this course has provided any benefit to your own web delivery,
I'd love to hear about it.
Please send me a tweet @adyrcz letting me know what
you've deployed using CloudFront.
As always, you can find more information at my website,
www.adyrcz .com, or my Twitter feed @adyrcz.
Thank you again for watching Delivering Content on AWS with Amazon CloudFront here, at Pluralsight.